# Ruby-Person-Hash


##Project Details
The purpose of this assignment is to utilize a Hash data structure to store and access email addresses and other info for imaginary people. Create a Hash that contains first and last names as keys. Store imaginary email addresses and phone numbers and street addresses for each person in the values. Your hash must have at least 500 entries. The email addresses should be realistic but not all the same (gmail, hotmail, optonline ... Etc). You must code for this variability. Investigate Ruby's sample method for arrays and/or its random number generator method. For example, your hash would contain an entry like this: myList["Brian Smith"] = ["bsmith@hotmail.com", "203-452-5555", "27 Sunnyside Ln Westport, CT"] Note that since I am storing 3 pieces of information in the value an array is used to package them. Then your program should print all names to the screen and ask a user to type the name of the person to get info about. The program will then look up the information from the hash and return it to the user in formatted form, something like: Name: Email: Phone: Address: Tips: 1. Obtain a list of common first and common last names from the Internet. Save them in a file. 2. Open the file inn your program and read the names into a standard array. 3. Iterate through the array of names in order to populate your hash, using some randomness to make emails and addresses and phones different , realistic and interesting. Along the way you might find yourself using other arrays which contain popular email suffixes. Considered also that not all emails are first initial with last name. Code for some variability so that we get things like jack.rivera13@yahoo.com and jb347@optonline.net.
